if the thing about twitter on twitter well it's that they
keep me freaking out I mean I'm
freaking out and because it was precisely
something that he had told us okay it's that
the issue of the Fonera is moving this
what
because I reported that I reported it like a
year or a year and a half ago sana I remember
exactly when the announcement was posted but I
think it was I think we were in a
pandemic already in fact to be more good but
the complaint of a lame okay also it was
the chick okay already tremendous nonsense
several of tremendous nonsense
but how things were the way they are
right now with the pandemic well
no I don't believe that the old ladies hadn't been
filed or had passed
vehicle I had no [ __ ] idea of ​​having
money but his third that
they called me recently and it turns out that it is
moving okay it is moving and
people called me how are things
slow and they called me to go take
today okay I had to take
proof and certificates videos everything I
had okay and then I was reviewing
this morning super early with my
lawyer javid hutan early are you okay do
you have a fever today is there a debate someone today
debate  so it's
moving like a [ __ ] it
makes me a little lazy if I tell you the
truth it makes me a little lazy because I
no longer have I have no idea about these
people here it comes out a little like I don't know what's
in between and it gives me a little
press but well since I spent the
money and it's set and did atrocities
because it did atrocities goodbye forward no
and then today they asked us to
take to court
for some records and some things I notice the
files and stuff not the material and it's
under my love going through her the
chick's twitter account and it turns out I
found a tweet okay this is incredible
Axel thank you so much I found a
tweet but I'm freaking out I mean I
found a tweet that says not
long ago money I don't know if you'll remember one
day that I left a twitter account open
here and they saw a
twitter account we're already starting with the joke
you have that twitter account and I have
proof so be careful with what you
say out there okay because I have proof
with the compensations and that
twitter account  Alba left it to me, a
friend of mine from here at the youth center, okay,
that account, Alva told me about because
we needed to certify some things that have
absolutely nothing to do with
it, it was with another topic, okay, and Alva
told me to inhabit, I have a few
accounts and from this account I can see, I
can see, build, okay, so
save me and I have the conversation, it's
proven that that account, I have
proof that it's not mine, that I didn't have
those who didn't know who I was following and what they
are, I
got into a moment to certify
some tweets from some stalkers that
have nothing to do with it and it turns out that since I'm a
boomer, she leaves it open for me and I'm
going to love her directly, that's it, but
these people started the force in 30
saying that I had that account to keep an
eye on them, these people
have the ideological they know these people
that the further away the better, in
total that I find a tweet
from that day of stay that says on a scale from 1 to
100 how sick you have to be to
create a fake account with which to follow
your enemies pretending to be friendly and
delete it the minute she asked you and
how
sorry but forgive me gorgona you
talking about creating fake accounts had
that while you were talking to me and
on the phone congratulating me on the
birth of my son had accounts in
the everyday forum and had accounts on
twitter where he insulted my wife
insulted me made
slanderous insinuations about my nine year old daughter okay they were
investigating which hotel we were on
vacation in order to publish it you already have a
complaint for harassment from a year ago
and it is moving and I am not going to stop and
if you file me I will file another one I mean I am not
going to stop until you pay for what
exists but I have taken care of it because
we have been looking at your twitter account
this morning and that the aunt acclaimed me she is
obsessed with me every moment she sticks a
dig at something of ours she starts talking
to Antonia with the other one she goes
blank will I do it because every day she starts
sending a yours-mine arachne to the
other one believing that they are her friends that
are not her friends to gorgona who only
talks to you the mother and only you
uses so that you put  things on the forum
that are not your friends that are not going to
help you when you have the problem
and even that it makes you feel sorry hormones it makes you feel sorry to
look the other day doing a draw I don't
know if it was the valentine promo or
whatever and she putting tweets I do
n't know what I would be very happy having
a valentine while I wait what
happens with the subject that you already know
shaun green that youtube what are you doing here is
the other guy doing a
valentine promo and you are answering on
tui if it is what I have told you
many times like that like she
likes to feel part of something because she has
never in her life been part of something or
nobody told her things
like so that people are very friendly
because she knows how to know things or the other
day she says I will make a tweet
ha ha ha ha and those that remain to
celebrate the results of trials that
are not hers
and that have nothing to do with her it is
as if these people maybe come out of
that you have to continue it your me come out that
yours wins
Patricia that you are not to some things that I
really am flipped out brothers until
now  I'll tell you the story, continue, I
swear I thought let's do it slowly
because no one pays attention to the subject
but it's been hard to see that
what she did is really serious, I
mean,
the chick insults Lorena but if you're being like
fat [ __ ], well, she made
an insulting insinuation that was like
I would let my nine-year-old daughter
sleep with an
adult YouTuber if it gave me
money yes, it gives me money it's
a joke and she has to pay you
know I came out as the father this aunt mother of a
teenage child aunt sets an example sets an
example when I say
go over the version put something else with
my lawyer at 7 in the morning, I mean
because I didn't have the appointment today with the
court like at eleven thirty around there
no and when I get to it it's because I haven't needed to it it's
because a week ago and
two weeks ago I was throwing away I could
day what's wrong with you that's not part of your
life gorgona I
mean it's not part of your life  another
thing that has family to
pay attention to
but so far every day she
dedicates herself to sending tweets to some
because she follows youtubers to
make herself feel serious that she is a friend of mine
that when the problem comes they are not
going to help you work although she is not going
to help you girls know when I have seen you
and this or rather it is in the what if
because each of these
stalker accounts the cautionary the extra accounts that
we are talking about these days the day that
I was seen here a
twitter account okay the day that the
twitter account was seen they
started publishing it and they said that I
apparently followed these people
since I have proof here
in fact Alba for permission to
post the conversation
that was in January
but I am not lying if it is that I have no
reason to lie or made my hands
well I cannot I cannot publish the
conversation because you can see the
username password I put it on twitter
but I have plenty of proof that
Alva that day at 9 at night left me
the account I entered the moment I certified
what I had to certify and home or
rather I do not even  written from that account I don't even
know who follows when going from that account I mean look look
and it tells me here
how sick do you have to be for that
art they can have a thing hormones I hope I hope you do
n't have double
standards the day that it is known who has
multiple accounts okay who has multiple
accounts what happened with her if such
well we will talk about that we will talk
about that but I'm saving the tweet the
first one I'm saving for a few months
okay it's that they are tremendous well in
total something happened they've given me
a really cool atmosphere here
or it's done in the dick ten minutes
of intro in this video
sanz 10 minutes of intro in this deal
10 minutes within this deal to
react to a 58 second clip
what do you think
be Landes and it's tremendous I mean it
's tremendous
every time I see them post a tweet
talking about multiple accounts I
say well I'll save it and the day that
something happens or someone is asked for
some multiple accounts or things like that we'll
talk okay but precisely
say it love hello
what precisely  gorgona, I've already made
someone sick for having multiple accounts, that's
it, it's
your hormone that you talked to me on
WhatsApp and on the phone like you were
making friends with me
and on the other hand she had accounts on the forum
insulting me, my family and even
my daughter, how embarrassing she has
children, she has children, a son but she
has a teenager and what an example, what an
example, the truth is, tremendous but oh
well, that's it, everything comes, everything
comes and things are slow but they come, they come,
okay,
but very pathetic, very pathetic, I mean,
when I see her celebrating trials,
trial results that have no effect on her
and that they are not your friends, well, nexos,
cancel, di simó,
Caribe sent it to me, Karime sent it to me
and told me to see if I can watch it
[Music]
Karime what have you told me? It
's dangerous that you mention it because
YouTube is very sensitive, damn, what have I
done? Karime says it to me, Caribbean, it
's dangerous that you mention it because
YouTube is very sensitive, let's see, I'm going to
watch a little bit above the video, it
's not like you can see an EP around here because no  I
understand nexus cancel and ximo
[Music]
so get
off my cat
like cats and I don't have a single scratch
[Music]
a little bit of a little boy but on facebook
facebook it looks super bad the chair I do
n't know if it's just me but it looks
super bad the cia looks like a like
a mattress to already go to the pool it looks
super it looks super tacky I already thought
the Chinese were going to go for
[Music]
for the issue of
more than animal abuse or something like that
but since they started with the issue that I have
spiders or here they have years
now you know and how badly done karim is that you have to
be careful with what you
say because I had we are insensitive
but I did not expect this comment let's
see
nexus for god
please
I just got off work hit
for god sorry sorry
guys it was a comment that was
not it was out of place we do not
respect you we respect you I
apologize in this regard I do not think it was an
appropriate comment for that moment so I
apologize colleagues and if it has
affected you in something traumatic in your
life then  I feel
and raffled off a microphone and Gordon to what
no x of the but it wasn't that I don't remember
who it was it
was another YouTuber who told me dude dude dude dude
this is not the same one that is not the same
Gorgon who won the microphone because not
because I'm pending but because
precisely another YouTube is the bourbon
how did I see it it wasn't a YouTube
herbales samayac lisbey that I'm going to
mark myself with this I'm not
going to mark myself with this well very
tired nexus the truth very tired